this is a year in my life
looking back it's amazing how time is
flying the Victoria's Secret Fashion
Show it is the highlight of my year
every year that I do the fashion show
I'm living a dream March when was it but
March 2011 it was incredible day
can't ever forget been critical
commercial
in May we did what is sexy event in LA
so many people showed up I never seen
something like that
I remember showstopper we did this
commercial it's all about attitude and
embracing yourself in July we did a
cover the cover of Elle magazine we did
the photo shoot in Miami we all got the
covers we shot five commercials in
August in drag it was really amazing
experience we were shooting with Michael
day all the girls were there we'd shot
to the national theater it came out
beautiful National Night Out it was
great so I'm here in the beauty
department all of a sudden I go from
model to TV host
it was so much fun I even had like a
earpiece on all my ears it was really
great
I had fun and finally in November the
fashion show 2012
Here Come I give away
you